= open_ehr

A Ruby Implementation of OpenEHR.  This is a fork of 
the library portions of http://www.openehr.jp/projects/ref-impl-ruby

== Description

This is current WIP.  A full description of this library is coming soon.

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history. (if you 
  want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in 
  a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Original Authors

Akimichi Tatsukawa, Shinji Kobayashi 
openEHR.jp, <http://openehr.jp>

== Contributing Authors

Brian Kaney <brian@vermonster.com>


== Copyright

The software, including all files in this directory 
and subdirectories is copyrighted to the original 
authors and contributors, 2008-2010
All Rights Reserved.

== License

This product is under openEHR Open Source Software License

The openEHR Foundation uses the Mozilla Tri-license 1.1 on
all software copyrighted to the Foundation. This licence
essentially provides the user a choice of licence conditions
under which to operate with any given piece of software,
being: the Mozilla Public licence (MPL), and the Free
Software Foundation GNU General Public Licence (GPL) and
Lesser GNU General Public Licence (LGPL). See the Mozilla
relicensing FAQ for details of this license. This in no way
constrains the way in which software created by other
organisations is licenced.

